---
layout: default
title: Biweekly 22
date: 18 August 2020, 1430 CEST
---

<script src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.11.1.min.js">
</script>
<script src="/javascripts/edit.js"></script>
<script>setEditButonNm();</script>

# {{ page.title }}

|||
|---|---|
| Date | 18 August 2020, 14:30 CEST |


## Pre-meeting stakeholder's reports

<!-- Please keep in mind that the minutes are publicly available.-->

#### Hugo Daniel Macedo
* Prepared Overture 3.0.0 release candidate
* Working on bug fixes 

#### Hao Feng
* read some materials about graph neural network 
* Discussed with a PhD in Aalborg university regarding to a potential paper

#### Jim Woodcock
* I've been working on an outline joint research bid between Aarhus and York on robotic digital twins (one of the reseach strands is specifically on the discrepancy language). I now have a complete draft of the case for support. I've had feedback from PGL. I have a meeting on 18 August pm with Ana C to review the proposal. Target date for submission is 8 September.

#### Peter Gorm Larsen
* Selected the next 3 PhD candidates for the MADE FAST project
* Starting up with new research assistant, PhD and post-docs in the team
* Preparing presentations for ESA MBSE, new students and keynote for SERENE
* Finishing a couple of research proposals
* Had a new invitation for a new research proposal

#### Casper Thule
* Had meetings with Mathias on robotti tracking
* Had meeting with bachelor people on robotti
* Had meeting with Christian Schattle from SDU on project
* Working on Maestro2 - coming together. Still footwork to do. 
* Maestro is being kept updated, recently added functionality to CLI interface as requested by christian and ken
* Initiated shared Digital Twin "simple" project. https://github.com/INTO-CPS-Association/Example_Digital-Twin_Incubator

#### Nick Battle
* Convert remaining VDMJ recursive processes to use visitor framework (prompted by LSP work)
* Raised a PR for ReferenceFMU errors found by VDMCheck3
* Started quoting VDM-SL snippets in response to fmuChecker bug reports (ie. 'this is what we think the rule is')
* Small updates to FMI2/3 models in view of above
* Testing of RC for Overture 3
* Fixed a nasty VDMJ/Overture bug raised by one of Leo's students (affecting maps of mixed record types)

#### Claudio Gomes
* Proposed and defended a "simple" digital twin project: the incubator.
* Holidays (studer lidt dansk)
* Working on project proposal.

#### Maurizio Palmieri
* Holidays in my hometown
* Will work on revision of the cosim-cps paper in the next week
* Last achievements before holidays:
* Submitted a paper to Cosim-CPS 2020 about Processor Emulation within co-simulation using SESAM
* Got a paper accepted on the MDPI journal Energies, about integration of formal methods and co-simulation
* Presented a paper to SummerSim2020 about co-siulation of a bio-inspired algorithm for map exploration

## Sub-projects status


#### Sub-project X

#### Sub-project Y

#### Sub-project Z

##  Any Other Business
* Mathias is in need of suggestions for differentiating between rectangles and ellipsis during image detection. See https://github.com/INTO-CPS-Association/mono-camera-robot-tracking/issues/13#issuecomment-675309984

Next Meeting
------------

01 September 2020, 1430 CET


<div id="edit_page_div"></div>

