---
layout: default
title: Biweekly 4
date: 18 September 2019, 1030 CEST
---

<script src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.11.1.min.js">
</script>
<script src="/javascripts/edit.js"></script>
<script>setEditButonNm();</script>

# NetMeeting Default Template

|||
|---|---|
| Date | 18 September 2019, 10:30 CEST |
| Participants | AA, BB, ..., CC.  Minutes by DD. |


## Pre-meeting stakeholder's reports

<!-- Please keep in mind that the minutes are publicly available, and that
private information must be stored elsewhere.  -->

#### Peter Gorm Larsen
* I have had a successful meeting with the Poul Due Jensen Foundation
* I have written a letter of support for the Simula Research Lab application on a Centre for Digital Twins with funding from the norwegian givernment. If it will be granted it can be beneficial for our centre as well
* I consider if the indoor positioning technology presented at http://www.gamesontrack.com/satellites.html could be beneficial for a new generation of the line following robot in a digital twin context. Input is very welcome
* I hope that we will be able to be involved in a proposal for an Innovation Action on digital twins coordinated by Fraunhofer in Germany
* I met with the Plant & Food Research organisation from New Zealand about potential research collaboration around agricultural digital twins. Too early to say if this will lead anywhere
* On Monday the 23rd of September we will have a WebEx with Siemens where they will demonstrate their simulation capabilities including Amesim.
* Currently targeting a one-day Mindsphere traing day in Aarhus in October for the manufacturing case study
* We are in the process of extending the current amnufacturing setup with an extension of the MIR robor such that it can have a Universal Robot arm on top of it

#### Claudio
* I was at the cosimcps workshop.
* I'm currently at models conference, supporting a tutorial on modelling physical systems.
* I've met with Casper regarding the inclusion of FMU Analyzer into Casper's website.

#### Jim Woodcock
* On Monday I had a very good Skype meeting with Jens Kargaard Madsen and Thomas Skj√∏deberg Toftegaard to discuss my contract with Aarhus. I'm expecting a contract very soon.
* I'm continuing the work on probabilistic semantics, the implementation in Isabelle/UTP, and the verification of the RANSAC pose estimation algorithm.

#### Hugo
* Presented a demo on the co-simulation app and line following case study.
* Nick sent an email stating he is on a plane during the meeting and is planning to sync with Claudio on the Dynamic API Semantics.
* Siemens representant sent an email stating the Amesim demo was postponed to the 21st October. 

#### Christian
* Continued implementation of graphical editor for into-cps

#### Stakeholder 3
* Discussion Point 1
* Discussion Point 2


Meeting Minutes
===============

## Meeting Point 1

### topic 1

some description

### topic 2

some description

## Meeting Point 2

#### topic 1

some description

#### topic 2

some description

##  Any Other Business

Next Meeting
------------

02 October 2019, 1030 CET


<div id="edit_page_div"></div>
